[datadog_tag_indexing_rule] Add tag indexing rule, exemption, and order resources (#3863)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/tag_indexing_rule_order.md

Provides a Datadog Tag Indexing Rule Order resource. Manages the evaluation order of tag indexing rules for an org. Only one instance of this resource should exist per org; the `name` field is a user-chosen identifier with no server-side equivalent.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datadog_tag_indexing_rule" "broad" {
  name                = "Broad rule applied first"
  metric_name_matches = ["*"]
  tags                = ["env", "service"]
  exclude_tags_mode   = false
}

resource "datadog_tag_indexing_rule" "specific" {
  name                = "Specific override for web metrics"
  metric_name_matches = ["web.*"]
  tags                = ["env", "service", "version", "host"]
  exclude_tags_mode   = false
}

# Enforce evaluation order: broad rule first, then specific override.
resource "datadog_tag_indexing_rule_order" "example" {
  name = "main"
  rule_ids = [
    datadog_tag_indexing_rule.broad.id,
    datadog_tag_indexing_rule.specific.id,
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique name for the order resource. Recommended to match the resource name. No corresponding field exists in the API.

> - `rule_ids` (List of String) Ordered list of tag indexing rule UUIDs. The server assigns rule_order 1, 2, … matching each rule's position in this list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rule_ids` (List of String) Ordered list of tag indexing rule UUIDs. The server assigns each rule a rule_order value (1, 2, 3, ...) corresponding to its position in this list.
```
